README.md, before:

Role Name
=========

A brief description of the role goes here.

Requirements
------------

Any pre-requisites that may not be covered by Ansible itself or the role should be mentioned here. For instance, if the role uses the EC2 module, it may be a good idea to mention in this section that the boto package is required.

Role Variables
--------------

A description of the settable variables for this role should go here, including any variables that are in defaults/main.yml, vars/main.yml, and any variables that can/should be set via parameters to the role. Any variables that are read from other roles and/or the global scope (ie. hostvars, group vars, etc.) should be mentioned here as well.

Dependencies
------------

A list of other roles hosted on Galaxy should go here, plus any details in regards to parameters that may need to be set for other roles, or variables that are used from other roles.

Example Playbook
----------------

Including an example of how to use your role (for instance, with variables passed in as parameters) is always nice for users too:

    - hosts: servers
      roles:
         - { role: username.rolename, x: 42 }

License
-------

BSD

Author Information
------------------

An optional section for the role authors to include contact information, or a website (HTML is not allowed).

Commit message:

Add readme and modify file

README.md, after:

Role Name
=========

This role installs Rally.

Requirements
------------

- Valid repository to install required packages.

Role Variables
--------------

Type -> type: "ExistingCloud"
Region Name -> region
Authentication URL or IP -> auth_url_or_ip
Username -> username
Password -> password
User Domain (By default is ok in most scenarions) -> user_domain_name
Name of the Project or Tenant -> project_name
Name of Project or Tenant Domain Name -> project_domain_name
Version of Keystone (could be 3 or 2.0, to get this you should check the Keystone endpoint on your cloud with  keystone endpoint-list) -> keystone_version
If you want to run Tempest test on the cloud (yes or no): run_tempest


Dependencies
------------

There is no role dependency for this role.

Host File
----------

The host file for this role is hosts.target and the format is: 

[rally]
IP FOR RALLY  SERVER

To Run
-------

ansible-playbook -i hosts.target rally.yml


License
-------

MIT

Author Information
------------------

Julio Villarreal Pelegrino <julio@linux.com> more at: http://wwww.juliovillarreal.com
